c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\HltvRss.exe.config
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\HltvRss.exe
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\HltvRss.pdb
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss.g.resources
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss.exe
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss.pdb
c:\users\pontus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\Supremes.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\ExCSS.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\HltvRss.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\GcmWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\obj\Debug\GcmWindow.baml
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\OpenHardwareMonitorLib.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\OpenHardwareMonitorLib.pdb
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\EngineIoClientDotNet.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\SocketIoClientDotNet.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\SocketIoClientDotNet.pdb
C:\Users\Pontus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HltvRss\HltvRss\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
